[I2P.itoopie]
source_file = locale/messages_en.po
source_lang = en
trans.ar = locale/messages_ar.po
trans.az = locale/messages_az.po
trans.cs = locale/messages_cs.po
trans.da = locale/messages_da.po
trans.de = locale/messages_de.po
trans.el = locale/messages_el.po
trans.es = locale/messages_es.po
trans.es_AR = locale/messages_es_AR.po
trans.fa = locale/messages_fa.po
trans.fi = locale/messages_fi.po
trans.fr = locale/messages_fr.po
trans.hu = locale/messages_hu.po
;; Java converts id to in
trans.id = locale/messages_in.po
trans.it = locale/messages_it.po
trans.ja = locale/messages_ja.po
trans.ko = locale/messages_ko.po
trans.nb = locale/messages_nb.po
trans.nl = locale/messages_nl.po
trans.pl = locale/messages_pl.po
trans.pt = locale/messages_pt.po
trans.pt_BR = locale/messages_pt_BR.po
trans.ro = locale/messages_ro.po
trans.ru_RU = locale/messages_ru.po
trans.sl = locale/messages_sl.po
trans.sv_SE = locale/messages_sv.po
trans.tk = locale/messages_tk.po
trans.tr_TR = locale/messages_tr.po
trans.uk_UA = locale/messages_uk.po
trans.vi = locale/messages_vi.po
trans.zh_CN = locale/messages_zh.po
trans.zh_TW = locale/messages_zh_TW.po

[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

